Incremental, unlike existing crate which does a full sort each time to get the median.
Instead keep indices in sorted order and insert new values into that ordering.

A median filter with a "bite" of 3 filters over the 7 (2b+1) most recent entries:

     #  #  #  M  #  #  #
     -------     -------   a spike fitting in a "wing" will be bitten off

Pacman analogy for "bite."

This type of median filter (holding an odd number of values) does not average
the two middle values as an "even" median filter does.  An even median filter
 - performs a bit worse
 - doesn't quite fit with the "bite" analogy.
 - can produce values not in the input (e.g. signal with only -1 and 1 might yield 0)
On the other hand, I think it chews off a bit less of the extrema (need to check)
and results in smoother output.  And it can make better use of memory in the
implementation discussed below.

An even median filter should be a separate implementation for performance.
For now I think it suffices to do an "odd" median filter.

The output of the median filter is delayed "bite" entries from the input.

Generic over the type of numbers we are using.
A median filter with a bite of 3 might look like this:

    17  9  3 -4  0  7 12  values
    -- -- -- -- -- -- --
     0  1  2  3  4  5  6  indices
     3  4  2  5  1  6  0  sorted indices
              ^           median = values[5] = 7

Values are stored in an array used as a ring buffer;
new values are added to one end, overwriting old values.
Values are never moved.

Use power-of-2 size so AND can advance the index, e.g.
  new_ix = (new_ix + 1) & 7;  // for a ring buffer of size 8

Pre-initialize buffer entries to a specified starting value so that
it is always full, to eliminate handling of other cases.  If a suitable
starting value is unknown, then wait bite entries before using output.

How to store the sorted indices?  Keep them sorted in an array so we can
do a binary lookup to figure out where to insert a new value.

For max performance, store them in a word and use shifts
to do insertions and deletions.

                                               odd  even
16 4-bit indices in a 64-bit word.  Max bite =  7    8
 8 4-bit indices in a 32-bit word.  Max bite =  3    4     (start with this)
 8 3-bit indices in a 32-bit word.  Max bite =  3    4     (limit 8 for 3-bit ix)
 5 3-bit indices in a 16-bit word.  Max bite =  2    2
 4 2-bit indices in an 8-bit byte.  Max bite =  1    2

An even median filter would use the space more effectively in some cases.

A byte would only allow for a bite of 1/2, but that might be fine for
some embedded systems where the difference between storing 32 vs 8 bits
could be significant (small RAM/cache).  But start with 32-bit words.
Bites of more than 3 are probably unusual, because it would imply
that you are sampling your data too frequently.  And 32-bit words
will be common for embedded systems.

To speed up deletions (as values are overwritten), maintain an
inverse mapping of the sorted indices.  That is, the mapping we
have been talking about so far is
  0..N-1 (rank smallest to largest value) => its index in ring buffer
The inverse mapping
  index in ring buffer => 0..N-1 (rank smallest to largest value)
That would allow us to take the index being overwritten and find
its rank within the ordering, i.e. where to find it in the sorted indices.

So an odd 32-bit median filter would contain:
 - a 32-bit word containing the indices 0..6 in order by their values
 - a 32-bit word for the inverse mapping
 - an array of 7 values (whatever type that is, e.g. i16)

And an even 8-bit median filter would contain:
 - a byte containing the indices 0..3 in order by their values
 - a byte for the inverse mapping
 - an array of 4 values
 That's only 10 bytes for an even bite-2 median filter of i16 values.

We could create smaller arrays for smaller bites, of course.

 Note that when dealing with MediaPipe Pose, you get 32 landmarks,
 each with X, Y, and Z coordinates.  If you filter each of those,
 that is 96 median filters!  So size can matter.
